**You can turn these captions off and on using the CC button.
I'd like to stick garden gnomes in this building
Yeah, I guess you would
Hi, death will find you soon
I'm not sure you'll be remembered
You're the devil
That little boy has like a thousand freckles
And everybody's all "ewwwww"
Like there's goobers on his bod
I'm done listening
You know, Ted's always kinda freaky
He eats hair
Human hair
He's the first one to say "Let's go out and eat hair!"
It's wonderful now and again
See?
Mmmm, hair, mmmm
If there's one thing our country doesn't need more of
It's goose diarrhea!
I heard you got orange rugs here
That's a lie
Hey could you cut me a rug here?
A rug?
Yeah. An orange one
No, we don't make them
I know
This one's a classic
Jordan the centipede taught me a card trick
Mmm hmm mmmm
Thank you
You got happy cheer!
Ewwww, look!
I went down to the summer camp and took a can of gasoline
Don't light the cabins on fire
I wish I couldn't, but it's too late
Ah, well doesn't that mean you go to jail?
No, because I ran away
You know what, I just love to twerk
holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla
I've been testing out some new campaign slogans that are a little less obvious
I need a bogel for the glotch
Stop Volution
Your face isn't my face
That old man just took your spork
If you want boyfriend time, then you must be a girlfriend
I hate pervy records
Mhhaaah pfrengh!
Hmm, i wanna use that
I made a hole and then barfed on the beach
This great nation's like a pork pie
Juicy America!
Gabe?!
Hey, who hates cigarettes?
I do!
Hooray for you!
You know, originally Heidi wanted to marry a different fella
She wanted Herbert Spinnecki
Yeah, he was into football
Herbert was beautiful
He was just always very open and sensuous with me, you know?
Like on the weekend, he'd bring fruit and lay by the fire with me
and tell me I looked like a French model
What?!
Why'd you even tell them that?
Yeah, he's still a really close friend, the Spinnecki
I didn't know that
Mm-hhhm
He's in the kitchen right now
Wait, he's here?!
Mm-hhhm
Is he
Mmm-hhmm
What does this mean?
Yeah, whatever
At least I know she's mine
I don't wanna ask who the baby daddy
I know it's him.
Don't make us kiss now